Added workaround for datadog agent (#2712)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: README.md

```
{"metric":{"__name__":"system.load.1","environment":"test","host":"test.example.com"},"values":[0.5],"timestamps":[1632833641000]}
```

> Some users want to use list of host tags.
> How to set up tags and use them you can check in the DataDog documentation
> ![DataDog tagging](https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/tagging/)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For [tagging](https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/tagging/) DataDog agent sends configured tags to a separate  `/datadog/intake` endpoint, which is not supported by VictoriaMetrics. Instead, we recommend adding tags via `--remoteWrite.label` flag using [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent.html) as a proxy or a sidecar for each DataDog agent:

<img src="docs/assets/images/datadog.png" width="300" alt="Tagging via vmagent">

The configuration details are the following:
1. Set the `dd_url` param for each DataDog agent to the corresponding vmagent proxy address: `dd_url: http://<vmagent-addr>:8429/datadog`;
2. Configure flag `--remoteWrite.url` for each vmagent proxy in order to forward collected data to the central vmagent: `--remoteWrite.url=http://localhost:8430/api/v1/write`;
3. [Specify extra tags (labels)](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent.html#adding-labels-to-metrics) you want to add for each vmagent: `--remoteWrite.label=team=dev,env=prod`;
4. Configure the central vmagent with VictoriaMetrics database address: `--remoteWrite.url=http://localhost:8428/api/v1/write`.

```

```
{"metric":{"__name__":"system.load.1","environment":"test","host":"test.example.com"},"values":[0.5],"timestamps":[1632833641000]}
```
Some users want to use list of host tags which can be declared by environment variable `DD_TAGS` or in 
`datadog.yaml` config file by setting tags section like in example below: 
```yaml
tags:
  - "team:team"
  - "dev:dev"
```
In that case datadog agent starts to send this tags via `/datadog/intake` endpoint.  
At that moment it is not present a clear solution for gathering tags from this endpoint.
As a workaround we suggest to use next schema of components realization:

> <img src="datadog.png" width="300" alt="VictoriaMetrics logo">

Reviewer: why not refer image from assets?

{"metric":{"__name__":"system.load.1","environment":"test","host":"test.example.com"},"values":[0.5],"timestamps":[1632833641000]}
```

> For [tagging](https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/tagging/) DataDog agent sends configured tags to a separate 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
DataDog agent sends the [configured tags](https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/tagging/) to
```

> `/datadog/intake` endpoint, which is not supported by VictoriaMetrics. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
undocumented endpoint - `/datadog/intake`. This endpoint isn't supported by VictoriaMetrics yet. This prevents from adding the configured tags to DataDog agent data sent into VictoriaMetrics.
```

> Instead, we recommend adding tags via `--remoteWrite.label` flag using [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent.html) 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The workaround is to run a sidecar [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent.html) alongside every DataDog agent, which must run with `DD_DD_URL=http://localhost:8429/datadog` environment variable.
The sidecar `vmagent` must be configured with the needed tags via `-remoteWrite.label` command-line flag and must forward incoming data with the added tags to a centralized VictoriaMetrics:
```

> as a proxy or a sidecar for each DataDog agent:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

<img src="docs/assets/images/datadog.png" width="300" alt="Tagging via vmagent">

The configuration details are the following:
1. Set the `dd_url` param for each DataDog agent to the corresponding vmagent proxy address: `dd_url: http://<vmagent-addr>:8429/datadog`;

> 2. Configure flag `--remoteWrite.url` for each vmagent proxy in order to forward collected data to the central vmagent: `--remoteWrite.url=http://<vmagent-addr>:8430/api/v1/write`;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Configure ever sidecar `vmagent` with `-remoteWrite.url` command-line flag, so it forwards the received data to a centralized storage: `-remoteWrite.url=http://victoria-metrics:8428/api/v1/write`
```

> 3. [Specify extra tags (labels)](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent.html#adding-labels-to-metrics) you want to add for each vmagent: `--remoteWrite.label=team=dev,env=prod`;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. [Specify extra tags](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent.html#adding-labels-to-metrics) you want to add to the data received from DataDog agent via `-remoteWrite.label` command-line flag at `vmagent` sidecars. For example, the following config adds `team="dev"` and `env="prod"` tags to all the received metrics from DataDog agent: `-remoteWrite.label=team=dev,env=prod`
```

> 4. Configure the central vmagent with VictoriaMetrics database address: `--remoteWrite.url=http://<victoriametrics-addr>:8428/api/v1/write`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> However, you can check this part of documentation how to correctly set labels to you vmagent

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See [these docs](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent.html#adding-labels-to-metrics) for details on how to add labels to metrics at `vmagent`.
```

> [vmagent label config](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent.html#adding-labels-to-metrics)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
